We just walked through a scenario in which a producer made
a breaking change with regards to a consumer application.
In this demonstration, we're actually going to see what that looks like so you can
get a feel for what happens when data changes unexpectedly.
So I'm going to jump into my workspace and
quickly show you this application that we're going to work with.
So we have a familiar produce and consume function which you have seen from
the previous examples in previous lessons and we have this Purchase Class down here.
So again, we're using a data class and we've defined
a serialization and deserialization function.
So we can see that the structure that we're going to
publish is a username and a currency,
as well as the fact that we're going to publish username,
currency and amount for the deserialization method.
But notice I've introduced failure here.
I put in this random.choice where basically
Python is going to randomly choose between amount or amount pennies.
To be clear you would never do this in a real application,
but I want to show you what would happen if you're
expecting one type of data but you'd get something totally different.
So let's go ahead and run this application and see what happens.
Okay. So we're in Lesson 3 folder and we're going to run sample 1,
and I'm going to make this full screen so we can see what happens better.
So we'll give it a second to start up here and we can see that we can only
unpack some of the messages and we're failing to
unpack some messages because we're getting an unexpected key.
This is exactly the scenario we were describing in the previous example where
the web server team changed
the expected structure and sent us a different form of the data.
This isn't a great situation to be in as a data consumer.
The calculations that we're performing on the data consumption side might be feeding into
business critical functions and helping informed decisions for downstream teams.
So you want to make sure that we don't have to have this happen because if
we're just discarding this data because the key is wrong,
we're going to be producing completely inaccurate results
for other teams that depend on us.